Increase the NotificationToast duration (#1357)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/perfect-sheep-develop.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Increased the NotificationToast's duration to 6 seconds to match accessibility criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased the NotificationToast's default duration to 6 seconds to match the accessibility guidelines.
```
